Document tenant-specific IAS host injection in RequestContext (#2474)
cap-js/docs: guides/security/cap-users.md

Instead, prefer a task-based approach which processes specific subscriber tenants selectively.
:::

> To use IAS-based Remote Services in background executions, you must in addition manually inject the tenant-specific IAS host into the created Request Context. Unlike inherited request contexts that automatically carry authentication details, a fresh Request Context lacks the IAS host information required for remote service calls. The host can be retrieved from a `TenantInfo` object provided for example by the `TenantProviderService`.

Reviewer: I feel that this would be clearer (as long as it's correct).

```suggestion
To use IAS-based Remote Services in background executions, you must in addition manually inject the tenant-specific IAS host into the created Request Context. As background executions need a fresh Request Context, they cannot inherit request contexts that automatically carry authentication details and thereby lack the IAS host information required for remote service calls. The host can be retrieved from a `TenantInfo` object provided for example by the `TenantProviderService`.
```
